Update TabView (#926)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/tabview/styling/header-item-styling.md

---
title: Header Item Styling
page_title: .NET MAUI TabView Documentation - Header Item Styling
description: Learn how to style the header items inside the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TabView.
slug: tabview-header-item-styling
tags: tabview, header, item, styling, maui, dotnet maui
position: 2
---

# .NET MAUI TabView Header Item Styling

> Through `HeaderItemStyle` property of the TabView the following styling properties can be applied to the `TabViewHeaderItem`:

Reviewer: Always aim to add an introductory sentence to each article. Then, you can continue by introducing the table, list, etc.
```suggestion
The TabView control provides the built-in `HeaderItemStyle` property, which allows you to apply styling properties to the `TabViewHeaderItem`.

The following table summarizes the properties that you can apply to the `TabViewHeaderItem`:
```

| Property | Description |
| -------- | ---------- |
| `BackgroundColor` | Specifies the background color of the header item. |
| `BorderColor` | Specifies the border color of the header item. |
| `BorderThickness` | Specifies the border thickness of the header item. |
| `CornerRadius` | Specifies the corner radius of the header item. |
| `ContentPadding` | Specifies the padding of the inner content of the header item. |

> | `TextColor` | ;Specifies the color of the text in the header item. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TextColor` | Specifies the color of the text in the header item. |
```

| `FontFamily` | Specifies the font family of the text in the header item. |
| `FontSize` | Specifies the font size of the text in the header item. |
| `FontAttributes` | Specifies the font attributes of the text in the header item. |
| `TextDecorations` | Specifies the decorations of the text in the header item. |
| `HorizontalTextAlignment` | Specifies the horizontal alignment of the text in the header item. |
| `VerticalTextAlignment` | Specifies the vertical alignment of the text in the header item. |
| `ImageSource` | Specifies the source of the image icon in the header item. |
| `ImageAspect` | Specifies the aspect of the image icon in the header item. |
| `ImageWidth` | Specifies the width of the image icon in the header item. |
| `ImageHeight` | Specifies the height of the image icon in the header item. |
| `ImageSpacing` | Specifies the spacing between the image icon and the text in the header item. |
| `ImagePosition` | Specifies the position of the image icon relative to the text (`Left`, `Top`, `Right`, and `Bottom`). |

> <snippet id='tabview-styling-headeritemstyle' />

Reviewer: Introduce the example. See the comment in `controls/tabview/styling/header-styling.md`.

> Here is the TabView after applying the `HeaderItemStyle`:

Reviewer: See the comment for this sentence in `controls/tabview/styling/header-styling.md`.
